---
title: Success
layout: post
---

I was reminded of something important I've noticed about my life and many others. It's a piece of advice that becomes obvious when you look back on your own life.

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">12/ My advice: &quot;You won&#39;t get any happier post-success&quot;</p>&mdash; Justin Kan (@justinkan) <a href="https://twitter.com/justinkan/status/636687854744109056">August 26, 2015</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

Justin directed his advice to young startups. In other words, you won't get any happier when you make a lot of money. That's what the world tries to shove down our throats. Success is making lots of money, and success makes you happy.

If you truly think about it, we all know that's just dead wrong. Success does not equal happiness.

There's an HBO documentary called State of Play, and their [episode on happiness](http://www.hbo.com/state-of-play/episodes/0/2-happiness/index.html) talks about happiness. In it, Brett Favre mentions this about Reggie White (a hall of fame NFL football player): Reggie missed the guys the most. One of the most decorated players in NFL football history didn't care about another game, another sack, or another championship.

Examples of unhappy successful people number in the millions. We don't want to admit it, but it's true. It's easy to count off ten at a moment's notice.

Goal chasing is a great way to be successful. Goals are outstanding mechanisms for success. However, goal achievement does not result in happiness.

A founder sells their startup and they move on to another company. A gymnast wins a gold medal and they're back in the gym next week. A person climbs Mount Everest and they're planning their next triumph on the way down.

Life is a journey, a process so to speak. Happy people tend to love that part. On the other hand, goals are simply bite-sized highs of happiness. Goals are trophies. Goals are keepsakes, reminding you of the journey. The journey is the part that keeps you happy.
